use ccip v1.4.0 (#1837)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/features/ccip/ImportCCIPPackage.mdx

>       If you use [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/), install the v1.2.1 release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you use [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/), install a specific [CCIP GitHub
      release](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/ccip/releases):
```

Author: @khadni At the moment, it is preferable to stick to a specific release which is v1.4.0 (just updated the PR)
